New database tables for auction and solver competition (#2980)
cowprotocol/services: database/README.md

Indexes:
- PRIMARY KEY: btree(`id`)

### competition\_auctions

Contains all auctions for which a valid solver competition exists. 

 Column        | Type    | Nullable | Details
---------------|---------|----------|--------

>  id            | bigint  | not null | other tables refer to this as auction\_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 id            | bigint  | not null | other tables refer to this as `auction\_id`
```

- PRIMARY KEY: btree(`id`)
- quotes\_token\_expiration: btree (`sell_token`, `buy_token`, `expiration_timestamp` DESC)

### proposed\_solutions

All solutions reported by solvers, that were part of a solver competition.

 Column        | Type      | Nullable | Details
---------------|-----------|----------|--------
 auction\_id   | bigint    | not null | auction for which the solution was proposed 

>  uid           | bigint    | not null | unique id of the proposed solution within a single auction

Reviewer 2: Would be useful to highlight that this uniqueness is guaranteed by generating it from a sequence in the DB.

Author: Currently it's not guaranteed by DB, but by the persistence layer which generates it when storing solutions. Personally I like it more this way for flexibility.

 id            | bytea     | not null | id of the proposed solution as reported by the solver
 solver        | bytea     | not null | solver submission address

>  is\_winner    | boolean   | not null | specifies if a solution was chosen as a winner of a competition

Reviewer 2: might be worthwhile to mention that there may be multiple winners in an auction and this mainly means the solver was requested to execute the solution.

>  is\_winner    | boolean   | not null | specifies if a solver that proposed this solutions is required to execute the solution

Reviewer: If I got it correctly.
```suggestion
 is\_winner    | boolean   | not null | specifies if a solver that proposed this solution has to execute it
```

 score         | numeric   | not null | score of a solution, based on a scoring criteria used at the time of competition
 price\_tokens | bytea[]   | not null | tokens used in a solution, for which uniform prices are provided

>  price\_values | numeric[] | not null | uniform prices for all tokens in price\_tokens list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 price\_values | numeric[] | not null | uniform prices for all tokens in the `price\_tokens` list
```

Indexes:
- PRIMARY KEY: btree(`auction_id`, `uid`)

### proposed\_solution\_executions

Contains all order executions for proposed solutions. 

 Column         | Type     | Nullable | Details
----------------|----------|----------|--------
 auction\_id    | bigint   | not null | auction for which the order was executed 

>  solution_uid   | bigint   | not null | `uid` from proposed\_solutions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 solution_uid   | bigint   | not null | `uid` from `proposed\_solutions`
```

 order_uid      | bigint   | not null | id of the order
 executed\_sell | numeric  | not null | the effective amount that left the user's wallet including all fees
 executed\_buy  | numeric  | not null | the effective amount the user received after all fees

Indexes:
- PRIMARY KEY: btree(`auction_id`, `solution_uid`, `order_uid`)

### proposed\_jit\_orders

> Solvers report orders they solved on each competition. Orders that don't exist in the orderbook, are considered JIT orders and saved in this table.

Reviewer 2: A bit more context on why a solver propose an unknown order would be nice. (e.g. provide private liquidity or settle a surplus capturing jit order trade)

 Column       | Type               | Nullable | Details
--------------|--------------------|----------|--------
 auction\_id  | bigint             | not null | auction for which the order was executed 

>  solution_uid | bigint             | not null | `uid` from proposed\_solutions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 solution_uid | bigint             | not null | `uid` from `proposed\_solutions`
```
